Fc 1146 event sources (#7)
Templum/developers-community: pages/Documents/DeveloperTools/LivePersonFunctions/EventSources/post-conversation-survey.md

---
pagename: Post ConversationSurvey
keywords:
sitesection: Documents
categoryname: Developer Tools
documentname: LivePerson Functions
subfoldername: Event Sources
permalink: liveperson-functions-event-sources-post-conversation-survey.html
indicator: both
---

A Post-Conversation Survey flow is triggered at the end of a conversation with an agent or custom bot. You can use it to obtain feedback from the consumer on the consumer's experience with your brand. A Survey Bot is a great way to measure agent/bot and skill performance and to identify opportunities to improve on your quality targets.

Survey bots can be integrated with Functions. A function can be invoked when the Survey starts (at the end of the conversation) and when teh survey ends. In comparison to the [chat post survey](function-as-a-service-use-cases-post-chat-survey-transcripts.html) this integration will not send any automated emails.

{: .important}
Post Conversation Survey Bot is only available for **Messaging**, not for chat.

> <img src="img/functions/functions_survey_bot_flow.png" alt="Functions: Post Conversation Survey Flow" style="width:100%;"/>

Author: fixed

This is the Post Conversation Survey flow with Functions integration:

1. Survey Bot listens to *conversation end* events.
2. If certain conditions occur, Survey bot will send the survey first question to the conversation:
    1. If there is a Function deployed on *Messaging Survey Started* event -->  The associated function will be invoked (if deployed).
    2. Survey will listen for survey responses, send more questions and listen to responses.
3. When the Survey ends on *Messaging Survey Ended* event --> Survey Bot will invoke the associated function (if deployed).

### Configuration

Survey Bot can be configured under [Conversation Builder Survey Bots](conversation-builder-bots-post-conversation-survey-bots.html).

> {: .important}

Reviewer: Not needed
```suggestion
```

<img src="img/functions/functions_survey_bot_flow.png" alt="Functions: Post Conversation Survey Flow" style="width:100%;"/>

This is the Post Conversation Survey flow with Functions integration:

1. Survey Bot listens to *conversation end* events.
2. If certain conditions occur, Survey bot will send the survey first question to the conversation:
    1. If there is a Function deployed on *Messaging Survey Started* event -->  The associated function will be invoked (if deployed).
    2. Survey will listen for survey responses, send more questions and listen to responses.
3. When the Survey ends on *Messaging Survey Ended* event --> Survey Bot will invoke the associated function (if deployed).

### Configuration

It is required that your account has the Post Conversation Survey enabled; please contact your account team in order to do this.

#### Step 1 - Configure your PCS

Please, follow this guide on how to configure a [Post Conversation Survey](messaging-window-api-tutorials-legacy-post-conversation-survey-pcs.html). If you have already a survey bot configured make sure you have Functions enabled for your account.

#### Step 2 - Create function

> Create a new function using one of the messaging survey templates. There are are the following events:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a new function using one of the messaging survey templates. There are the following events:
```

* *Messaging Survey Started.*
* *Messaging Survey Ended.*

> Currently, only one function per event type can be created. If there are multiple types of functionality needed that stem from the same event invocation, these should be coded into the same function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, you can only create one function of this event type. If there are multiple types of functionality needed that require the same event, than this must be handled by a single function's code.
```
